I can't believe I'm marrying a stranger today.
Remember Ashley, your father's still in a coma.
We can't afford to offend Hamilton's now.
Shouldn't you do your part for your father and the company?
Why me? It's core they want.
Why, because you, my dear sister, have lived comfortably all your life
while I suffered in poverty with our mother.
Plus, you're the only one that can do this for me.
Because we have the same pace.
This is your only chance to save your father.
Fine. I'll do it.
Are they forcing me to do this?
Are the rumors true? Is Tristan really blind?
You have to. Green Spice's ingredients are essential for our perfume products.
This marriage alliance is necessary.
Why exactly is my happiness not necessary?
Because I'm useless to you now, and fucking blind!
You're being ridiculous!
Now, father, don't get upset.
It's understandable, considering his... impediment.
Sir, everybody's waiting for you inside.
Just remember, we're still the leading candidate for CEO of the Hamilton Group.
The ceremony. You can't let anyone know you're blind.